>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let me know
if anything isn't clear and
I can clarify, okay.
>> Speaker 2: So how would you recommend
we go about it, can we Google this?
Or do you want us just to reason
ourselves, or what's the best approach?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Good question, so
I recommend trying to read
the reason through it yourself.
At home I would spend an hour
trying to do it yourself.
If you get stuck, then maybe this
might be a little too advanced.
And it might be worthwhile to look at
different ways that this is implemented.
And then give it a couple days,
and then come back and
see if you can remember
the general technique.
But don't memorize it,
don't be like, okay so
first there's an if, then I need
to make sure that there's an else.
You shouldn't memorize the conditions and
the logic,
just kind of like the general approach.
And then be able to implement
it just from yourself.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Does that make sense?
Most people should be able to
get to it in an hour if they
have been working with JavaScript for
a while.
If not,
you might struggle a little bit with it,
and that's fine,
that's why we're all here.
And in real life, you're never
gonna implement a hash table or
a hashing function.
You're probably never gonna implement
a link list unless you're doing some crazy
streaming library stuff.
Which is very, I don't know,
maybe you will.
Stack and queue you will be using, but
you won't be implementing from scratch
most of the time, at least I never have.
And then arrays and strings,
which is the other kind of interview
problems that we're gonna go over.
You're clearly never gonna implement
those, cuz you just use them from scratch.
So we're just totally skipping that,
because you already know what an array
is and what a string is, okay?
And then for those who finish early,
I have another prompt that's kind of fun.
But that required is not gonna
help you much with interviews,
it's just kind of a brainteaser.
And it is to create
an array data structure.
Notice this is A-R-A-Y, not A-R-R-Y, so
this is our fake array data structure.
Where underlying we implement
the array as a string.
So you can think about pushing and
popping from an array, and
how you might handle that with a string.
Edge cases, things like length,
it's kind of just a fun exercise.
So if you had time, and you finished
early, or you like these kinds of things,
it's there for you.